MAGESEN PRIVACY POLICY

Introduction
This Privacy Policy sets forth our policy in relation to personal and other non-identifiable information collected from visitors to our website and users of our services. This website is owned and operated by Magesen.

We are committed to upholding a high standard in order to protect personal data of our users and keep it safe and confidential. For this purpose we share you with this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use and protect your personal data.

By browsing, accessing and using our website and services, you agree to proceed on the basis of this Privacy Policy and you agree with the conditions of processing the user’s personal data contained in this document.

Users Terms of Service
This Privacy Policy is the integral part of the Developers Terms of Service which regulate your use of the website and our services.

Information Collected
When you interact with us through the website or use our services, we may collect personal data and other information from you. We may receive the following personal data:

* information provided by the user during account registration, including, without limitation, personal details, user name, address, phone number and email address;

* information about your company;

* information connected with the user’s browsing activities, statistical information, information on visits and use of the website and services;

* other information about the user stored for the use of the website or information received from third parties providers.

When you interact with our website or use our services, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, collected passively through various technologies, cannot at present be used to identify you personally. We may store such information in our own databases or in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates, agents and service providers. We may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, numbers of visitors to our website and particular pages in it, domain names of our visitors’ internet providers, and how our users interact with our services. To better understand and serve clients, we also conduct ongoing research on customer demographics, interests and behavior based on personal data and other information we receive from you. We may compile and analyze such material on an aggregate basis. We may share information as described here–none of which can identify you personally–with affiliates, agents and partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics for describing our services to current and prospective clients, providers, partners and other parties for lawful purposes.

By voluntarily providing us with the personal data, you agree to permit us or our authorized parties to use and store it as described in this Privacy Policy.

Cookies

Like many websites, we use “cookies”. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide certain features. These data files may be cookies, pixel tags, e-tags, “Flash cookies”, or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications (“cookies”).

Cookies allow your browsing choices to be remembered and make you recognized when you return to the website. We also use cookies to ensure that our website works properly, to provide customized services, to target advertising displayed to the user, for statistical and research purposes and to improve our services.

You may change your web browser’s settings to stop accepting cookies, to enable your browser notify when you receive new cookies, or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from a website you visit. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of our essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you may not be able to use our website or services entirely.

Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information
We use your personal data solely as described in this Privacy Policy. We process your personal data in order to identify you, process registration, log in to the website, facilitate our communication, contact you and process any requests and applications, improve our services and website, resolve your problems, deliver services, monitor your use, target advertisements, carry out statistical analysis based on anonymized data.

We have no control over and are not responsible for processing of the information by third party websites, which the user may access by hyperlinks on the website.

Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information
The protection of your personal data is important to us. We will never sell your personal data or use it in any illegal way. We will share your personal data with third parties in circumstances described below.

Business Transfers

From time to time, we may decide to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, such as sale, merger, liquidation or transfer of assets, your data may be one of the business assets that is transferred.

Service Providers

We may engage third party companies and individuals such as marketing and research companies, security providers, payment processors to help provide part of our services. These service providers have limited access to your personal data and are obliged to perform these tasks on our behalf and not to disclose or use your personal data for other purposes. We may also share your personal data with our related companies for purposes consistent with this Policy.

Our employees

The user understands that the personal data is available and accessible by our employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that personal data to provide services to you or in order to do their jobs.

Legal and Other Compelling Requirements

We may disclose the personal data to a third-party in order to protect, establish, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, or when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, threats to our property, or violations of applicable law.

Your Choice
You can use our website without providing any personal data. If you choose not to provide personal data, you may not be able to use certain services and make transaction on our website.

Exclusions
This Policy applies only to information we collect as needed to operate our website and provide our services. It does not apply to unsolicited information you provide through the website or otherwise, such as material you post to forums and other public areas of the website or ideas for new products and modifications to existing products. Unsolicited information shall be deemed non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, distribute and exploit it without limitation or attribution.

Children
Our services are not targeted to those under the age of 13 and we do not intend to sell our services to minors. However, we have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our website. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor internet use and instruct children never to provide personal data on our website without their permission. If you think that a child under age 13 may have provided personal data through our site, please contact us and we will try to erase it.

Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to third party websites that we do not own or control. This Privacy Policy applies only to our website. Such third party websites may contain their own terms of service, privacy policy that will apply and govern your use of third party websites. We advise you to read third party terms of service and privacy policy before any use of third party websites. We can only speak for ourselves; this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, or individuals that we do not employ or manage.

Security
The security of the personal data is vital to us. We use certain technologies to secure sensitive information (such as credit card number). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect your personal data, both during transmission and once we receive it.

However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is completely secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security and you should take special care in deciding what information you send us.

Liability Limitation and Disclaimers
Commitments, norms and standards set out in this Policy do not constitute representations, promises or warranties. To the fullest extent legally allowable, we hereby exclude all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of our website or services, including failures to comply with this Policy. This exclusion covers, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (even if foreseeable, arising in the normal course of events or conveyed to us as a possibility) and damage to your computers, software, systems, programs and data, as well as indirect, consequential and incidental damages.

Notifications
From time to time we may send you messages that are service-related and required for our users, including newsletters and other alerts. We may also send you email relating to your personal transactions, about special promotions, featured investments and other news of the website and services. We may also send you news and updates about changes to our website and services. Such messages may be sent internally, by email or by push notifications. You may choose to subscribe or unsubscribe from such news.

Modifications
We may revise the Privacy Policy at any time and in our sole discretion by posting the relevant revised Privacy Policy on the website. By continuing to use our website and services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.

Updating Information; Contacting Us
To keep your personal data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct personal data that you have previously submitted via our website or in using our services. Please contact us with your questions about this Policy or the information practices of our website.

If you have any queries or recommendations you may contact us as at kknsenthil@gmail.com
